%
% ---------- chapter 5 ----------
%

\section{Empirical Study}
%
To assess the evolutionary algorithm proposed in this paper, two separated
evaluation experiments are made for the efficiency of parallel evolutionary
algorithm and the validity of evolutionary algorithm in project management
problem. The purpose of the experiment is to answer the following two questions:


\textbf{RQ1}: Does the evolutionary algorithm effectively optimize project
management problem, and get an optimized answer?

\textbf{RQ2}: Is the parallel evolutionary algorithm able to improve the
efficiency in the project management problem?


\subsection{Experimental Data}
%
The experimental data evaluated in this paper are real industrial project
management plans.


There are three software project plannings, which are named as \emph{A-Input},
\emph{B-DBUpgrade} and \emph{C-SmartPrice}, where \emph{A-Input} is a simulated
medium-scale project planning. \emph{B-DBUpgrade} is the project plan of the
Oracle database upgrade. The goal of \emph{B-DBUpgrade} is to upgrade the Oracle
database from the \emph{9g} version to the \emph{10g} version, which is Oracle's
non-public version of the project planning. \emph{C-SmartPrice} is a
medium-sized project planning about supply chain upgrade, and like B, it is a
non-public of the internal project planning \cite{ren}. The configuration of the
projects is shown in Table \ref{tab:statis}.

\begin{table}
  \centering
  \caption{Three Project's Configuration}
  \label{tab:statis}
  \begin{tabular}{lccc}
    \hline
      & \emph{ A-Input } & \emph{ B-DBUpgrade } & \emph{ C-SmartPrice } \\
    \hline
    number of \emph{work packages} & 33 & 106 & 74 \\
    number of \emph{resources}     & 4  & 8   & 14 \\
    number of \emph{dependencies}  & 35 & 105 & 73 \\
    \hline
  \end{tabular}
\end{table}


\subsection{Validation Experiment for Algorithm}
%
In order to answer \textbf{RQ1}, this section designs a validation experiment
for evolutionary algorithm. The basic configuration used in the experiment is
that \emph{100} individuals runs in \emph{50} generations. For each generation
in the evolutionary algorithm, we counts the each individuals' fitness value in
the whole population, and then plot the statistical data into a boxplot diagram.


Each generation of the boxplot shows the five statistical data of all
individuals' fitness value in the whole population: the minimum, the lower
quartile, the median, the upper quartile and the maximum. Boxplot about the
above-mentioned three industrial projects is shown in Figure \ref{fig:pa1},
Figure \ref{fig:pa2} and Figure \ref{fig:pa3}. From the trend of three projects,
it can be seen that the population is diversified when the population is
initialized. As the number of generation increase, all the fitness value begins
to decrease, and finally converges to a optimized result.

\begin{figure}[!htb]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{figures/fig_pa1.eps}
  \caption{Trend of \emph{A-Input}, solution converges in \emph{19th} generation}
  \label{fig:pa1}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[!htb]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{figures/fig_pa2.eps}
  \caption{Trend of \emph{B-DBUpgrade}, solution converges in \emph{22rd} generation}
  \label{fig:pa2}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[!htb]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{figures/fig_pa3.eps}
  \caption{Trend of \emph{C-SmartPrice}, solution converges in \emph{15th} generation}
  \label{fig:pa3}
\end{figure}

Through the above analysis results of experimental data, we can accurately
answer \textbf{RQ1}. In the project management problems, the evolutionary
algorithm does have a good optimization and improvement.


\subsection{Efficiency Experiment for Algorithm}
%
In order to answer \textbf{RQ2}, this section conduct a efficiency experiment
that compares the efficiency between the parallel evolutionary algorithm and the
sequential one.

The hardware environment of this experiment is as follows: the
runtime environment that execute the sequential evolutionary algorithm is the
Intel i7 series central processing unit (abbreviated as CPU). The runtime
environment of the parallel evolutionary algorithm is the NVidia GeForce series
graphics processing unit (abbreviated as GPU ). CPU and GPU detailed
configuration comparison see Table \ref{tab:cpugpu}. The software environment of
this experiment is: Window 7 Ultimate Service Pack 1, Microsoft Visual Studio
2012 C++ Compiler, CUDA 7.0.28 Runtime compilation environment.

\begin{table}
  \centering
  \caption{Hardware Configuration Comparison}
  \label{tab:cpugpu}
  \begin{tabular}{lcc}
    \hline
        & \emph{ CPU } & \emph{ GPU } \\
    \hline
    \emph{ processor } & ``Intel i7 CPU 870'' & ``GeForce GTX 970'' \\
    \emph{ frequency } & 2.93 GHz & 1.27 GHz \\
    \emph{ number of cores } & 8 & 1664 \\
    \hline
  \end{tabular}
\end{table}

This experiment uses the above three items as input to evaluate the performance
comparison of the parallel evolutionary algorithm and the sequential evolution
algorithm. The specific work about encoding has actually completed two versions
of the project management algorithm, the sequential version is written in C++
language and parallel version is written using CUDA C++ language. It is used to
verify the difference between the parallel evolutionary algorithm and the sequential
evolution algorithm in project management problem by the code design experiment
of the two versions.


The initial configuration of the two versions is the identical, which the number
of population is 1000 and the number of generation is 100. Each generation
includes crossover, mutation and selection. A timer is set to record the total
time consuming of the algorithms. The timer starts after loading initial data
and ends after the result is calculated. This allows us to count the total
computational time both in the sequential environment and the parallel
environment under the same criteria.

\begin{figure}[!htb]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{figures/fig_pa1.eps}
  \caption{Trend of \emph{A-Input}, solution converges in \emph{19th} generation}
  \label{fig:pa1c}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[!htb]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{figures/fig_pa1.eps}
  \caption{Trend of \emph{A-Input}, solution converges in \emph{19th} generation}
  \label{fig:pa2c}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[!htb]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{figures/fig_pa1.eps}
  \caption{Trend of \emph{A-Input}, solution converges in \emph{19th} generation}
  \label{fig:pa3c}
\end{figure}

The 10 time-consuming charts for Project A, Project B, and Project C are shown
in Figures \ref{fig:pa1c}, \ref{fig:pa2c} and \ref{fig:pa3c}. It can be seen
from the figures that the time- consuming on the CPU algorithm is roughly twice
as long as the GPU algorithm.  At the same time, the advantage of using the GPU
algorithm in the calculation of project management problems is that we can make
better use of system resources. So it can be a good answer to \textbf{RQ2} that
parallel evolution algorithm can effectively improve the efficiency of computing
in the project management problems.
